Welcome to ppthtml.


I. INTRODUCTION
The ppthtml program will take a PowerPoint 97/95 file as input and convert 
it to html. The output is via standard out so it can be re-directed
to files or piped to filters or used as a gateway to the internet.

II. INSTALLATION
To build this application, from the top directory, type:
 
 ./configure --prefix=/<target installation directory e.g. /usr/local or /opt>
 make
 make install

Then to finish it up, you will need to go into netscape and tell the navigator 
to use the nspptview script to handle Microsoft Excel files. 

	e.g. <path to executable>/nspptview %s 

You should be able to then browse to a file and open it. There is a file 
included in the ppthtml directory you can test with, test.ppt.

The shell script nspptview works well. You may need to modify the 
path in it to fit you system, though. Also, depending on where you install 
it, you may have to modify your PATH environmental variable.


III. UNINSTALLING
You may want to keep the tar directory around since you can do a make uninstall
later. In the meantime, I suggest doing a make clean after installation to 
get the size down.


IV. COMMANDLINE OPTIONS
ppthtml now has several command line options that let you tailor its output. The
command is now:  ppthtml [] file.ppt


V. PERFORMANCE TUNING
There are also some user "tunable" parameters in the beginning of the 
ppthtml.c file. If you get a red message at the bottom of your web browser after 
converting a big presentation, these are the parameters to adjust. Generally, you 
would adjust them up in value. I have them adjusted to what I call normal for 
my usage. Your usage may differ. Don't increase them greatly...just 10-15% and 
re-compile. If that don't work, increase another 10-15% until it works. 


VI. TROUBLESHOOTING
Using Netscape, you may occassionally see a file not found error. This usually 
comes when printing or going back to a previously converted file. This is
the default behavior and it can be changed by commenting out the rm $tmp* 
in nspptview. I do this so you don't have files hanging around in your tmp
directory where other people might be able to see them.

In general, if you can type ppthtml and get a usage error message, the PATH
is working. If you don't, your PATH environmental variable needs adjusting.
Next try passing the full path to ppthtml of the file you want converted. If it
has problems with it, you may have a file the system can't interpret. To check
your installation, try passing the full path of ppthtml/threads.ppt and see what
it does with that.




Charles N  Wyble
jackshck@yahoo.com


